The Joe Rogan experience. I remember cause I was joking with them.
I remember a long time ago, the grill, 93, this old Dick Doherty room.
I remember that joint.
So two guys were about ready to go at it and the club and the bouncer gets them
outside. Okay.
And this guy is trying to say his point of view and he put his hand on his
shoulder. He goes, he goes, uh, he goes, no, all I was trying to do. He barely,
barely went like that on his shirt. And he goes, okay, first of all,
don't touch me. That's what the bouncer said.
And just immediately it was here and then it went to here and then those two
guys started yelling at each other. And then within,
I don't know what the he just twisted the guy up and took them out.
And I forget who the I was with. We will die and laughing.
And it just became a catchphrase between us when he would come up. Hey bill,
you're working this weekend. Okay. First of all, don't touch me. Just how you.
Just, you immediately just escalate it where.
It just becomes a, what the. And then first of all,
don't touch me from 90% of guys is immediately going to put you in your ego or
it's like, oh. Now, now he's on top of me and I'm the. I gotta,
I gotta at least get a little, uh, get his eyebrow level.
I have to come back with something else. It was inevitable.
The second he said that, first of all, don't touch me.
I did like the three slide steps down because I learned that young watching
fights, you know.
You don't want to have a really good seat. Cause it's like a tornado.
You don't know where it's going to go. And you think,
you think you like 20 feet away? I haven't met, met me.
At a Bruins game, the old Boston garden. And it was like one of those, you know,
just everybody's smoking. I probably couldn't smoke in the garden at that point.
But I just remember like, like smokey bars and.
So we went in there and everybody was hammered.
I was hammered drinking like half and reference, remember the green death,
right? Like this was like 6% alcohol. So, um,
some like one of those two rows of fans fighting, which is always great.
Cause like the people that are a row up or just throwing down these guys pounds,
there's always a loafer lay in there. Right. Um, Mike, Milbury picking it up.
So I remember the cops ran up there and I ran up to,
to watch the fight and they started grabbing guys and coming down the stairs and
it was the Boston garden and there was nowhere to go.
And I just remember this big cop bounding down the stairs.
He literally had a handful of this guy's neck.
It was like his whole neck and his juggling, this guy was.
I just remember.
He was going to try and try to push me down the stairs,
trying to push me down the stairs. And he came down like, and I was trying.
To get out of the way. And I forget, I think the guy who.
He had grabbed, like his knee hit me in the back. You know, I just,
I just got caught by the debris of this guy running by.
And that's when I kind of learned like, uh, you know, when, to,
how to watch your flight,
which you watch your flight and you're looking at your exits. Cause like I said,
it's like, you don't know where it's going to go. And uh,
I had learned that lesson. So when I saw that guy say that, uh, uh,
first of all, don't touch me. I was just like, okay, slide over here.
But some other people settle in, in front of me. I can do.
I liked them when that.
That's the same as if yeah.
You want to be above slightly above looking down at all the altercations
to get a better viewpoint there. Anyway. Yeah.
I suck at it. I stopped fighting in like junior high. That was it. I just,
I knew, I mean, I just knew I was like, this is not my thing.
I can't slip a punch. I am slow as.
I got a big head. I got to target.
This is not going to go three rounds. It's just not, um,
I fought up until like six around sixth grade.
I think I probably had my last one.
And then all of a sudden kids started getting a hundred twenty,
a hundred thirty, a hundred forty pounds.
And they started being blood and people missing a couple of days of school after
a beat down. I was just like, you know what? A kick?
I think I'll be the funny guy.
It's weird. How things go sideways like that when there's a feeling in the air,
when whenever chaos breaks out like that.
And it's a real melee is a feeling in the air. Like, it's just like,
you feel it. It's like, oh, this is nuts. Like this is,
this is really dangerous. Yeah. There's a, um, uh,
a mob mentality feeling that you get. It's real weird when things go crazy.
I remember it took me, uh, having to leave Boston for about seven years.
I was gone for seven years before I finally walked into a bar and just felt the
normal energy of, I think the city's changed a lot,
but like that sort of that tail end of the craziness,
I walked into a bar and you could just feel it. It's like,
somebody's going to get suckered. Like not now. It's about 90 minutes away.
You can just feel the level of drunkness the energy.
Well guys would go out, looking for fights. Some guys would go out,
looking for fights. Yeah, I know. There's a guy.
He used to train with Mike Blake. He used to work at the rat scholar.
He was a bouncer. He would go, he would wrap his hands.
He would wrap his hands on his way to work.
I knew a guy. I knew a guy tape, his wrist and.
I knew a guy who was a bouncer and he used to bring a mouthpiece. So we go to,
uh, to work, but he used to carry it all the time.
And I remember when he would get, when he would get in a fight, he would,
it was, it was something where he would, it was a Malka who biked down.
It wasn't like what you guys were, but it was totally psyched.
The other guy out, like he would come out and he would just put this thing in.
And the guy would be like, this guy brought equipment, like.
Is going on here. And I remember.
One time he got, he got suckered. He knew it was gonna be a fight.
And I figured, well, for some dumb reason,
he sat down on the stairs and the guy was standing above him.
And one of his friends jumped down and just punched him.
And I saw the mouthpiece. It was like busted Douglas Tyson.
I saw his mouthpiece fly towards us. And then just,
I sh I shouldn't tell these stories cause why? I don't know. Cause I, you know,
it's my version of what it was a long, long, like 30 women names.
I was like 30 years ago. And what happened was we were
in an off-campus apartment and I can't believe, want to tell a story.
I'm gonna tell a quick version, uh.
Tell the overs. No.
Two of my buddies left to go upstairs. It was one of those, you know,
those old Boston, it looked almost like a three family house,
but it wasn't one of those big ones that has all apartments in it. Right?
So they left the party.
We were on in the first floor and then they went upstairs and like
20 minutes, they came back. One of my buddy's shoulders was separated.
The other guy, fat lip.
And he had a flat top to him and we had this big gash coming right down here and
blood coming down his face. And we were like, what the happened?
What the happened? We just asked this guy for drinking.
The whole party started beating on us.
So this whole mob goes up the stairs to go fight the
party. Right. And I'm going upstairs. Like, what the am I doing my big head?
I'm going to get knocked out here, but I have to go cause of my friends.
So we go up there and uh, we hear the party.
So my buddy, the mouthpiece guy,
like the most innocent voice ever knocks on the door, he goes, Hey, he's like,
is there a party going on in there? Right. And the door opens up.
And it was like a west wild west movie, like a saloon fight.
Just haymakers. I remember, I didn't even want to go in. I was so scared.
Cause I was like, oh my God, this is going to be nuts.
And just the mob just sent me in and it was just like,
everybody's just throwing.
I remember this dude jumping over my back punching face. Right.
And the smoke clears and it all settles. You know, it was, I was like 15,
second melee and it all settles.
And we look at the party and there's like six or seven guys,
six or seven girls in is like a board game. That's tipped over.
And we had gone to the wrong party. Swear to God.
I know this sounds like a joke. The real party where they got hit was upstairs.
And I don't know, I don't remember what happened, but they,
they were actually rich kids and they sued my friends for going in,
whatever the dumb they did. We all went into the wrong party.
And they were in there having like a couples thing and they were playing like
monopoly or something. And all of a sudden there was a knock on the door. Hey,
is there a party? And then everybody just came running and.
I can imagine them.
That's what I'm saying. That's why I didn't want to tell. Cause I felt,
I felt really like, yeah. I felt back.
When I was in high school,
the first real brawl that I ever saw was when I was like
17. I think it was a senior in high school.
And there was a rich kid that moved into the neighborhood.
He wanted to make friends. So he put on this crazy party.
He just invited everybody.
So kids from all kinds of different high schools were coming. Yeah. Newton,
north Newton, south a bunch of kids from all sorts of other places. And uh,
I happened to be at the right place at the right time when I saw it pop off at
people were already robbing this guy.
I saw people taking stuff out of bedrooms and running down the stairs with it.
It was real sketchy. Cause it was way too many people for this guy's part.
But then this girl I still to this day, don't remember what she did.
She either slap this kind of phase or she threw a drink in his face.
I don't remember. I think she slapped him, but I,
what I remember is he Uncorked up perfect. Right-hand on her.
He know how to punch. Like I remember thinking, wow,
this guy is trained because he, he snapped it. Joe,
always the commentator. Listen, I've been doing it for a long time,
but whatever she did, I'm pretty sure she slapped him. But he didn't [inaudible]
it was a perfect right hand. Hit her right in the face. Her head goes back.
His guy behind her catches her. She's totally unconscious. And then
chaos chairs flying bodies,
piling it up and I'm on the stairs. So I'm watching this through the railings.
I see the guy punched the girl as I'm coming up the stairs.
I see it all play out. I'm like, holy. And I'm like, I gotta get out of this.
And there was pile. I didn't, I didn't hit anybody. And nobody hit me. I,
it was like a movie like, excuse me, pardon me? Crawling out. I
dodged everything. Meanwhile, uh, I was fighting at the time.
I was traveling to tournaments all over the country and fighting.
So my friends were looking for me. They're like, you know, go get Joe.
And there's piles of people brawling and I'm just duck in the piles and that,
and then I ran into my friend, Jimmy and I'm like, where is everybody?
And we grabbed our friends and got in the car and drove off and we were laughing
our asses off. But it was like when we left,
the cops were just starting to arrive. There was piles of her,
beating the out of each other on the lawn.
My friend, my friend who separated his shoulder in that fight,
we popped it back in and he went back up,
threw a punch with the same arm and missed it, came out again.
And I remember him flopping on the ground, like a fish out of water.
And afterwards we sent him like, do, why didn't you throw the other hand?
And he goes, cause I wanted this hand to get its revenge. I sweat.
He had made his part of his body, like a karate movie.
Like to avenge shoulder's death.
And I have to tell you something when people, uh, talk about, you know,
you're a funny comedian and blah, blah,
the characters that I grew up with and what I loved about what they did and what
they said was they weren't trying to be funny. Like he was dead.
Serious refridge for this part. Yeah.
And then we would drive it home hammered and we would three abreast,
uh, in, in the, uh, the, uh, the pickup truck.
It was this guy's dad's truck. And he had the flat top.
So he's got dried blood on his forehead and we're just driving home and nobody's
saying anything.
And the dude in the middle has got these sunglasses on and he's just sitting
there like this. And then all of a sudden, out of nowhere,
he just goes like that scared the out of me. And I didn't,
I was like, dude, what the are you doing? And he goes, oh, sorry. He goes,
he goes, I took a little acid. He goes, I was looking at this bug.
He could, it goes, I thought it was on the windshield.
It goes, it turned out. It was on the inside of my glasses.
I don't know if that was true, but two there's only like,
I there's no way you could ever reenact how much he flipped it.
Like how much you would freak out on asset. If you thought a bug was over there.
But then your mind told you that it was on the inside of your glasses.
And I just remember all three of us just crying, laughing,
driving home at this and just, just the whole situation.
And that was like, that was like every weekend of my life for like,
um, probably like two and a half, three years,
every single weekend. And we used to go in to a, this,
there was this club and uh, this bar and Chelsea without board. Yeah.
W I got to it. I was such a baby face.
That was the only place where he gets served. Right. So it's a rough place.
Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was, it was. Yeah. And they were like selling a
blow out of there. So they didn't give a.
If you look like you were 12 years old, like I was, when I go up to our auto,
my, my vodka Collins was like the only role you,
um, I wasn't of age, like 19 or 20, probably 20.
And I would go in there and I just remember one time standing outside that bar.
And there was this dude who looked like Rob Helford from Judas priest, just,
totally gacked out of his mind, standing in front of his motorcycle.
And he was telling this story about riding his bike and his drug thing.
He got stuck. He just kept saying, I'd go around the apex,
go around the apex, go around the apex right now, hammered.
And I'm like making fun of the guy in front of him, to my buddy.
I'm looking at my buddy and I'm so face I go and going around the apex,
I've gone around the apex and he's hitting me. Cause the guy staring at me.
Oh yeah, no, it was, it was a, uh, and I didn't underst like,
cause I never did Coke, so I didn't understand what was going on.
I'm gonna leave it at that. I didn't understand what was going on,
but all I know is I just seem to be the guy that wanted to go home first.
I'll.
Leave it at that. That was a dangerous place. Boston was.
No I had,
this is when I figured out what the was going on was one time I went into the
bathroom by myself to take a leak. And it was one of those things you walk in,
there was a sink, there was a standup funeral. And then there was a, a stall,
which just had one toilet. And I walked in and there was two legs guys in.
Then I was like, what the those guys do. Right.
So my already out and I'm taking a and they opened the
thing. Cause it didn't have a latch opened up.
And they had like the F they were doing blow and I was taking a cause it was
weird. It was two guys in there and I kind of glanced over as I'm already.
I look over and this guy's all hammered and like a little werewolf's like,
what the are you looking.
At? No, it's just like pee.
Didn't wash. My hands was after that one. No, there was a lot, there was a lot.
I don't know why, because a lot of like,
like easy targets really got hit and I was beyond an easy time and somehow I
just never, I, I, you know, I never asked I, yeah, I did.
I did. Cause I already got really, uh, I was not as tough as my friends were.
My friends were lunatics, you know, but uh, you know, my, my grade was cool,
but like the grade above me in grade below me, they were like some, they were.
Crazy,
crazy friends that grew up in other places they would say they didn't
have the same amount of fight stories.
I think Boston is a particularly fighty place. You know what I'm saying? I.
Don't know. Yeah. There was something going on. But I mean,
I think a lot of those east, like New York and uh, this, thing's going out. Um,
a lot of those, uh,
like I find the people in like new England,
long island tri-state area, it's all sort of the same.
Savage Savage children of immigrants. That's what it is.
Yeah. But you go out to the.
Midwest and that's like German, a lot of Slavic people, Polish people.
So I mean, that's, I don't know. I think they just had more space out there.
So it wasn't as intense. You weren't so like packed in.
In a cornfield. There's something about Boston though. In particular,
I think even more so than New York, Boston was just a lot of fights. Man.
My boxing coach got his finger bitten off on a fight. He was on PCP,
got bit his finger off. And uh,
he had his toe removed and replaced his finger with a toe.
I tell you this. Now I remember they, that was, that was the move back then.
So he had it curved permanently so that he could still throw ride hooks.
So his, uh, his, when you would shake his hand,
he would always give you one of these. He was like, yeah.
No, the guy from Boston too, he had this weird looking nose and some guy it bid,
bid it off and have it reattached guys last years, dude.
That's why I'm saying why, you know.
Smart around sixth grade. I was just like, yeah,
this is like the common blood sport. Like I think I'm going to try to.
Be funny here, but yeah, there was a lot of, um,
those all also a lot of, you know, the sports scene back in Boston is just, uh,
was insane. Wow.